# GA-IPA
This code contains a Julia implementation of the GA-IPA as described in "Combining phylogeny and coevolution improves the inference of iteration partners among paralogous proteins", by Carlos A. Gandarilla-Perez, Sergio Pinilla, Anne-Florence Bitbol and Martin Weigt (still needs reference!!) Archived version: (still needs reference!!) Briefly, this is the combination of a graph alignment (GA) algorithm and an iterative pairing algorithm (IPA) based on mutual information (MI) and direct coupling analysist (DCA) that aims to predict interaction partners among paralogs from two protein families, just from their sequences. Here it is applied to a dataset of 23632 sequences of cognate histidine kinases and response regulators from the P2CS database (http://www.p2cs.org/).  The DCA-IPA algorithm is a variant of the IPA introduced in "Inferring interaction partners from protein sequences", by Anne-Florence Bitbol, Robert S. Dwyer, Lucy J. Colwell, and Ned S. Wingreen, Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A 113 (43) 12180-12185 (2016), DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1606762113. Also, the MI-IPA algorithm is a variant of the one introduced in "Inferring interaction partners from protein sequences using mutual information", by Anne-Florence Bitbol, PLoS Comput Biol 14(11):e1006401 (2018) - https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1006401.  In order to use the code, please run "GA-IPA_main" or "IPA_main" under Julia.  The source code is freely available under the GNU GPLv3 license (unless otherwise indicated in specific files).  If you find this code useful for your research, please cite the associated reference, "Combining phylogeny and coevolution improves the inference of iteration partners among paralogous proteins", by Carlos A. Gandarilla-Perez, Sergio Pinilla, Anne-Florence Bitbol and Martin Weigt (still needs reference!!)
